Update plugin guide (#1449)
shopware/docs: resources/guidelines/testing/store/quality-guidelines-plugins/index.md

:::

::: info
We always test with the [actual SW6 version](https://www.shopware.com/de/download/#shopware-6).

> So set it to the actual SW6 version e.g., shopware/testenv:6.4.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So set it to the actual SW6 version e.g., ghcr.io/shopwarelabs/testenv:6.4.3.
```
